Update setup.md (#104)
datacarpentry/astronomy-python: setup.md

Make sure to run the cells that contain `import` statements.
If they work and you get no error messages, **you are ready for the workshop**.

> ## Why didn't the imports work? 

> > Occasionally learners will need to take one additional step to make Jupyter run within the environnment we've created. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Occasionally learners will need to take one additional step to make Jupyter run within the environment we have created. 
```
